What a bad day.
Mr. Duan,
Looks like from now on...
we won’t be seeing each other again.
Murderer!
How long are you planning to keep pretending?
Are you alright?
What do you think?
Careless work!
Didn’t I tell you already?
Her name is Ye Qi Luo
The daughter of Xiang Jie Group's CEO
No way...
She’s the one who killed my daughter.
Even if she turned to ash, I’d still recognize her.
If the law won’t punish her...
...then I will.
Are you done causing trouble?
One more move, and I’ll call the police.
Go ahead, call them.
I’ll ask them myself—
Why would they let a murderer go free?
Murderer?
Criminal?
Is this the gift
your team prepared for me?
Or is this how your people
treat their guests?
No, that’s not it.
Qi Luo
please let me explain.
Listen to me
That woman is insane.
I will definitely report this.
So the higher-ups fire her.
Why so much talking?
Aren’t you just scared...
...I’ll ghost your whole team?
Qi Luo, listen to me
I sincerely apologize.
Really?
Then I won’t hold back anymore.